You want the soul, go here and sleep
And any word word is counting the dream
But the end is near
And all we see is our ages and its breaks
We don't have time to waste
It's all over for us
Good afternoon, good afternoon, good afternoon, and I'll see if that's a little, there we go, oh boy
Good rainy Lethbridge, I'm in the parking lot of McDonald's, court just ended
We'll have a full update on what happened with the Coutes Trio for you tomorrow morning
So tune in 6 a.m. Eastern
You get a full Coutes Trio update
Lots of notes, lots of notes
And then we won't be able to give you much of an update from the Coutes duo who's left
Chris Carver, Tony Olenek
But we are expected back in court on April 16th, 10 a.m.
So it's adjourned until then
But the Coutes Trio trial is going to continue
Paige, let's go ahead and have our good afternoon and say hello to everybody and then we'll get on with the show
Yes, oh, good afternoon everyone
And we'll start off with our regular
Clean your camera
Yes, good afternoon from
Yeah, rainy Lethbridge has been wet snow all day
We got hello from island Jason
Kenzie67, thank you guys for joining us
Morning and afternoon, it's always great to see you guys live to fish
Great to see you as well
Rebel Penny, you've just popped up in rumble and of course Lake 10 as well
Thank you guys and gals for joining us
And then in Facebook and Twitch and
YouTube, we've got afternoon from Catherine
Again, thanks for popping in again
Aunt Evelyn
We've got cousin Chetronius as well
Yes
So there we go Carrie, great to see you as well
Jeannie, good to see you as well
Yes, just watch Sam Fields live
We'll be seeing Sam Fields tomorrow on the show as well
Giving us an update of how last week's protest went as well as this weekend what the plans are
Hello again to David and good afternoon to Denise
Shorno Vision, one of our new regulars in Twitch
Great to see you as well
Thanks for joining us Donatella in Montreal
Have a notice you for a couple of days, so great to see you
Marine for Pinocco, not too far away from us at all
And then David from Tunian and Spruce Grove not far from us at all either
It's great to see you guys
Laverne in Vernon BC
And then oh yeah, we'll see Evelyn got
Rainhill, freezing rain in Nova Scotia as well
Not great weather
Hi from Roxanne, hello again from Gail
And yes, Quilter
We've got Vanessa, is that great to see you yesterday?
Right there, two cars away from me
So hello Vanessa
I know you're watching from there
She was just in court, we all ran to our cars to get to the Levine show
Hi Lori as well, good afternoon to you too
And your fellow chatters
And Wanda from Peterborough, Ontario
Thank you all for joining us
Really appreciate it
And yes, it's going to be a really good show
Looking forward to the information that our three guests will be providing to us
On that note, I'll step out and let me know who you want to bring on
Well first, I'm going to say my hello's here
And welcome everybody
So yeah, we have an excellent episode today
We got Dr. Jay Kui back
Dr. Jay Kui back
And we also have Chet Chisholm
I don't know how to say her name now
And we also have Kyra
Ooh, I'm drawing a blank on her last in Kirsten
I think it's a Kirsta, something like that
Sorry Kira, we love you
You know I do
But we're going to have a good episode
So I do want to warn everybody here on YouTube
I just wanted to give you the welcome
And hello, so now's the time to pick another platform
Whether it's Facebook, Rumble or X
Rumble's going to be your best bet
You never censor us there
But we're going to be able to conversation about Bax
So at a certain point, I think maybe soon
If you're on YouTube, please jump over to another platform
That lets us speak the truth
Because before we bring anybody on, Pads
It's going to hit that button that removes YouTube from this
So again, last warning
If you're on YouTube, please move over
It's going to be a very important conversation about
All the vaccines, not just a particular one
But all the vaccines
But on YouTube, you're going to buy us
So Pads, go ahead and end YouTube
And then go ahead and bring all our guests on
And we'll get started
But I'm excited about this one because
The biologist Dr. J is back
And we're going to get into
What are we talking about here?
How do vaccines cause problems?
I'll wait for the confirmation that we are off YouTube
Before we get into any more of this
So again, if you're on YouTube
You'll find us on LinkedIn as well
And Twitch is a good place to watch us
Or you can go to levinshow.com itself
And you'll find us right there on homepage
All of this is free
So feel free to go ahead and move to that
Pads, are we done with YouTube?
And we can go ahead and bring on Dr. Cooey
Chat and Krista
Krista
Oh my gosh, why am I trying to blank on your name right now
There we go
Kira
There we go. Is it right Kira Kristin?
It's Kira Kristin
But I know who you mean I never correct people
It's fine
I'm not an artist
The last name I got it
It's the first time I was messing up
Kyra
Nice to see you all
And thank you again Dr. J Cooey for joining us
And chat you too
I guess you can say hi to Ant Evelyn if you would like
Hi
So I'm glad that you're back to the show
You come on frequently
When we have important conversations
So thank you very much for being here
Kyra, thank you very much for taking some time away from work
I see you're in the car as well
So the two cars on the top and then
Two people who got to be at home today are on the bottom
And then Dr. Cooey, thank you very much for coming back
You were well loved, well received
And people said bring it back right away
So here we are, we brought you back
Well, I'm happy to be here
I'm at your service
At my service, well thank you very much
So today what we wanted to kind of talk about
Was going to have an update from you the last time we saw you
How are things been going with you
And then we'll get into introducing you to Kyra
And chat
Everything is going okay
I'm just trying to stream as often as possible
I have a real problem with meeting a schedule
Like you just showed me how to do
And I think
I probably should take a little
This is a learning experience
And realize how much I have to gain
By being on at the same time every day
But I'm trying to teach
When I can
And it's usually every day
And you know, it's just day by day
You know as well as I do
I don't know, we've got to keep doing this
And I don't plan to stop
My family is supporting me
And I'm very lucky to have
The support of my kids and my wife
But I don't think this should be about me
So I want to meet these two people
And I've heard of chat
For quite some time now
And I actually saw something on NCI
And so just please
Let me meet your guests
And use me as you will
Well, thank you very much, Dr. Cooey
So Kyra, let's start with you
Because you were the first
Max injured on this panel here
You were actually injured prior to
COVID
So let's go ahead and introduce yourself
To everybody to Dr. Cooey and
Your story
Sure, hi there, nice to meet you
Dr. J.J.
I really enjoyed your
Your visit on the show with Jason
Last time and
Said to chat, I need to get on
With this man, so it's super
Super nice to meet you
I was injured by teed-up shots
So a tetanus shot in my 20s
And I've had a lifetime of issues
As a result
So I know that vaccine injury is real
And not rare
Even with childhood vaccines
So I only had eight of them
And the eighth one almost killed me
So that's kind of just the introduction
Of my story
Well, what was the temporal relationship
Like a day or hours or week
Or when did it start?
So it started with
Anaphylactic reaction right away
I was rushed to hospital
Where I was intubated
And given a whole bunch of stuff
I don't quite remember what happened
And then after that
It was a cytokine storm
And then autoimmune disease
That I've been still dealing with
I'm coming up on my seventh surgery
Next month
Oh, wow
That's
That is absolutely heartbreaking
Wow
Did you have the support of family
And friends or did you have to
Have the system of the alien
Over many years
No, because it happened right away
I had a good family doctor
He recognized it
It was in my chart as a vaccine
Adverse reaction
He didn't file it
We don't have bears here in Canada
And it's a very long process
To file an injury
But it was on my chart
Unfortunately, he passed away
So every time I go to the hospital
I get the eye rolls
But usually I can make them listen
Because I have an extensive knowledge
Of what happened to Jesus
I know more about my medical condition
Than most doctors
I guess that's the only way out
Really
You have to be an expert
You do
You have to be an expert in an advocate
So you have to take on the dual role
And then a survivor
So really three
Check your is more recent
Let's go ahead and do the same thing
Let's introduce you to Dr. JJ
I like that name
And let him know what happened to you
JU and I have crossed past a few times
Over the last year
We've spoken on later spaces
With the NCI together
But I've been
A paramedic for 12 years
13 years
Going on 13 years now
And
I was off work
Did a workplace injury
When COVID kicked off
And tried to follow
Things as best I could
And there's a whole story behind that
Didn't get everything right
But you try
And in an attempt to
Get back to work
Because there was such a
Feeling a tremendous sense of
Duty to return to work
In EMS or fire
When you watch the healthcare system
Crumbling around you and
Your colleagues are
At their wit's end
I had to get
Vaccinated
As it was being mandated
And I developed
Paracarditis as a result
Was
Basically told
I was crazy, told to shut up by
Doctors and stuff
And go in with my EKGs
But Paracarditis
Everything's there
My blood work is
Exactly what you would expect
Paracarditis
My own family doctor
Told me to just shut the fuck up
That I was crazy
Had friends
Alien ate me and stuff
Because I was talking nuts
The most sick I've ever been
In my entire life
I
Recovered quite a bit in the last
Geez, how long has it been now?
It's coming up on three years
I helped
Set up and organize
The national citizens
Inquiry on the east coast
Here in Canada
I testified on the first day
Along with people such as
Dr. Patrick Phillips
And Dr. Peter McCullough
And
You know, I worked alongside
Like Kara and Jeff, who I'm sure
You both know
And they're great, wonderful people
But that's kind of been
That's the Coles Note version
Of what we're going through
And as
I was injured by the first shot
I wasn't allowed to return
To work because Paracarditis
And myocarditis were scrubbed
From the medical exemption list
And I kept off work
Long enough that I was actually
Terminated and haven't been able to
Wasn't allowed to return to work
They've since dropped the
Vaccine mandates, but like
Like only like a couple weeks ago
To be honest with you
But I
Wasn't necessarily fired for
Refusing, I was off work
To do it a workplace injury
This prolonged that time frame
And time ran out
No, I don't want to take this twice
Because it injured me
And injured other people I know
Some of my colleagues
And friends
And so anyways, I helped
With the NCI
And I've been on with Jason here
You know, and the reason why
Sometimes the show has a
About language, filter warning
And we can't really go into
YouTube when you're around either
No, no
But yeah, and like
I've been around
Talking to everybody
But yeah, that's the
Coles Notes version of it
I assume that's the Canadian version
Of Cliff Notes
Yeah, Coles Notes and Cliff Notes
Yeah, Coles is a book store
Okay, I got here
How did you approach this?
Did you think of it as
Your body producing spike protein
Or anything like that?
Myocarditis
The way that a cardiologist would have
Treated it before the pandemic
Initially, it was
Well, I kind of figured out what it was
Pretty quick, like
I wasn't feeling good like the day
I got the shot, and like I was
You know, like I wasn't against it
At first, and then I was like
This doesn't sound great, and then
It's like, they put your back against
The wall, and it's like what are you
What are you going to do?
I'm going to lose everything
And
So I treated it with an immense
Amount of rest when full dead stop
Like stopped exercising
Stopped doing everything
Like my folks that were awesome
They actually like
During the winter, like they would
They'd like to hire some of the guys who
Worked with the government like clear snow for me
Because I couldn't do it
Took any inflamatories
Pretty consistently
Did intermittent fasting, which I found
Helped quite a bit
And I've been trying a few other things
Like black seed oil and
Other stuff, but like the big thing was
The number one thing was just
You need to go full stop, you can't
You can't push your body hard
Like I should have been put on
Like Coltracyne, which is a
Really strong anti-inflammatory
They used to use it for gout, but
I was any time I tried to get
Help with this, I was either
The either shrugged at me
Or told me to pound sand
So I
Managed it the best I could
Without access to everything
I should have had
But
It's a lot better than it was
It still flares up from time to time
Like when we're probably like
80% there maybe
Compared to where I was
Like I got a
Lost some of my like conditioning and stuff
When you have to stop exercising
For a couple of years
It has an effect on you, right?
It's that catch 22
So
No, I mean that's a
It's a spectacular lesson that I'm
Trying to pass on to my little boys now
I mean once you lose it
It's very hard to get it back
And as an adult
It's it can be crippling
Especially if it comes with additional
Weight and all this other stuff
So then you're not carrying more weight
And you're also out of shape
Yeah, that sounds
That sounds unfortunate man
I really hate to hear the idea that
You would make this choice
And then actually it didn't even get you
Across the finish line that you
Originally intended to get over
I don't want to put salt in the wounds
But it just sounds like it's a terrible story
Yeah
It's been wild and like
The East Coast of Canada was
Some of the most draconian
Nonsense you've ever seen
Like you weren't allowed to
Like leave your county at times
Like I've been running my sister's house
I got
Because I said no right around the
Trucker convoy
And because like I had left here
You could put under quarantine for two weeks
Which is
Basically house arrest
Because you weren't allowed to leave
Your home
Or it was a $12,000 fine
If you stabbed Dr. Property
And you were tracked and followed by the RCMP
And the government checked in on you every day
I wasn't allowed in the hospital
To get my own damn blood work
At one point
Like my best friend died of cancer
During all this
And I wasn't allowed to visit him in the hospital
It was crazy
And actually it's surprising me
It's really sounding as though
There might be
At least from the
From the sheer amount of pain that they caused
It might have been much worse in Canada
Than it was in America
I mean
Oh I think so
And I got not
That's not something for us to brag about
It's a mark of shame on this country, right?
It's
Maybe it's a bigger opportunity though
You know, more people got burnt
Which means you have more opportunity to organize
I think right now America is so
Split between people who dodged a bullet
For whatever reason they took the shot
And nothing happened to them
And you know, God bless them
That doesn't mean that everybody didn't have a problem
And so
It's frustrating
But Americans are that simple at this stage
You know, they think I took off shots
Nothing happened to me
And the unfortunate thing is
Is that a lot of Americans are so
Baseline unhealthy
That if they couldn't get up the stairs
After the shot
They probably couldn't get up the stairs before the shot
They can't
They don't notice
I mean, you know, it
That's why I think also talking to
Any professional athletes that are willing to speak
Or anybody that, you know, it was in decent shape
I mean, it doesn't surprise me at all that
You know, as we go forward
We need to have more and more people
Understand that it's okay to admit that
For a very long time they've been trying to tell themselves
They're not injured, but they're injured
I mean, I think that's where we have to be
And I think a lot of this isn't going to show up
For some people that are like, it's like, I'll just use
Like myocarditis is an example
If someone lives a relatively sedentary life
Or they're not like athletic and stuff
Like it's not necessarily going to
The injury is not necessarily going to show up right away
Like that kind of thing like
It's going to show up for someone who put strain on their
On their system like if you have like an athlete
Sorry, my cat is very loud
But the way I've described it to some people
It's like, like imagine like you step out of like
You get out of the truck and you roll your ankle
And you need to go over there
And it doesn't hurt right away
Like, but you know you rolled it
And you can walk on it, you can walk in the house fine
But it's the moment you go to walk upstairs
And you actually have to put like a lot of weight on your ankle
Then you feel it
Like some of these cardiac injuries are like that
Like you're not going to notice them until your heart gets pushed
And that's why you see like athletes in that
In such collapse and stuff
It's like it's once they've been pushed to that point
And their heart rate goes up and their blood pressure goes up
And then it just can't handle
It's the worst
The injury becomes apparent
In my case, mine was
I noticed it right soon after
It took like I felt crappy and then like
It was maybe like two or three weeks later
That I ended up in the hospital
Like it built up to that point
Like it was me trying to help my dad do some yard work
And then that pushed me over the edge
But like, yeah, there's a lot of people that
Don't know they've potentially been harmed
Because it's blending in with something else
Or they may be attributing it to something else
Like it's hard to say
You can never really
I think it's almost impossible
To know the extent of the injury to some people
I know personally
I know tons of people
Like by name
I won't say their names here
For obvious reasons, it's their private medical thing
But like, I know
Dozens and dozens and dozens of people
Like I know guys I work with
Like nurses, friends
A bunch of guys in the Canadian Armed Forces
And I just had a colleague of mine who works in New Brunswick
He's one of my very good friends
He texted me
It was sometime last week
But like, they had two kids
That
Under the age of 12 both have strokes
Almost 12 and one was five
And like, one he knows
Like, it wasn't his patient
Like, he's paranoid too, but like, he's like
He was there and he saw the kid in like the emerge
It's like the kid with full-blown
Like, stroke symptoms
And like, that's unheard of
Like, kids can have a stroke
But like, it's usually
It'd be due to something underlying cause
Like, some form of like head injury
Or
Something else that was
Like, maybe like a pre-existing condition
But it's not like calm
And like, if you saw a kid who had stroke symptoms
It's usually like
Downstream of a head injury of some sort
But like, when you see two
Like, last week
And he said there was more
But like, those are the ones that he saw
It's...
Kyra, are you a activist from the very beginning?
Like, did you just immediately
The moment the whistle went up, you were like
No, thanks
And spread it all around?
Oh yeah, no, I've been
I've been an anti-vaxxer for
Since it happened to me, pretty much
Like, for 25 years
So like you say how there's more people around
In weird way, I'm kind of thankful for
COVID because now there's more of us
Because I was alone for a very long time
But yes, I was screaming
From the rooftops for everybody
Not to get this vaccine
I saw it coming a mile away
A lot of my friends
Predicted that this would happen
Since SB277 and
Senator Richard Dick Pan
In California
Mandating vaccines for
Children over the Disneyland measles outbreak
I saw this coming a mile off
So it's unfortunate that not everybody could hear me
But yeah, there's a lot more hesitant people
In the world now
Yeah, it's...
I just... I hope we can sustain this
As a tipping point and not
Let people fall back into the
Fall back asleep, so to speak
And I'm also worried, I mean, what do you guys have
I can't... I can't see through the thing
I'm 52 years old
So I'm gonna roll the dice and say
I'm older than both of you
What are the college kids in Canada?
Are they full on...
On board with Trudeau
And everything is great
Or did they get...
They get screwed over and we can wake them up
Because that's what we need to do in America
We let all those college kids
Go to university and just said
Okay, well, do what they tell you
And I think that was a huge opportunity
We missed, we should have just kept them home
For a year
And those universities would have been putting
In a very different position, I think
Yeah
It's hard to say
I'm older than I look
I'll tell you that much
I'm 38
But I know a lot
In my social circle
In my age bracket
They want nothing to do with Justin Trudeau
They despise him
Like I would consider
Like if you put me on like a
Political compass
Thing like I'm
I guess just left of center
And pretty close to the bottom
Like a classical
Liberal libertarian-ish type person
But like
What is classified as
Liberal in
Canada right now
Is so far out to see
Like beyond communism
Like
But like it's
I don't think we're that far behind
We just have this old guy
We put like weekend invertees
We put in front of that
But everybody else behind him is fully
They're all about it
I mean, yeah
And I do know people
That are like
Trudeau is the B's needs
But like they're
Like
Living like Ottawa
Or Toronto and stuff
And
But like you go to like
The rural areas like where I'm from
And like every day
There's a guy that just lives down the road
From me, you watch his jeep drive-in
It's got the big
F**k Trudeau flag up flying off the back of it
And stuffs like I like you man
How do you guys feel about elections in Canada?
Is it fair?
And elections up there
Because, you know, down here in America
It's either yeah, it's perfect
Or mail-in ballots are used to cheat
And every state
And depends on what you talk
That's kind of starting to happen
We had a good system here
That
I think you could run a
Decent election with
And I used to trust them
But like there's so much Chinese interference
Right now
It's
By don't trust any of it right now
Like when the time comes I'm going to go
It volunteers a scrutiny
So I can at least, you know, have
Some
At least have, like I said, eyes
On what's happening in my area
And like
But what we have here is we have a
I can explain some of this stuff better than I can
But like we have elections Canada
Which basically set up the rules for the election
And dictate to the governments like this
These are the rules of what you have to follow
And
So you're not allowed to step outside of that
And like each
They need to have representatives from each party
As scrutinyers and stuff there
We need to have photo ID and your photo card and stuff
So like there's a lot of
Systems in place
Yeah, it's based off the British system
But
What's been happening and
Jason may know more of this
But like they're the Chinese have just
Come in and they're just butchering it and using like
Like international students to like
Sling votes around and stuff
It's crazy
It's yeah
I'll hand it off somebody else and that's more than I can
Yeah, I would kind of concur with chat to there that we have some problems
Not so much on the dominion voting machine level like you do in the United States
But it's more like the elections are purchased around here
So the marijuana passing was an attempt to make sure that people wanted to vote for Trudeau
So basically he kind of entices the votes more than anything else
Right now he's given a break on the carbon tax to the east coast
Because they were upset with him
And I think that's a way to kind of butter up to them in order to get some more votes
But we certainly have a lot of immigration
In Canada in nine months we added a million people
Which is a huge amount of people in nine months
And all of those become liberal voters
So there's a lot of that going on as well
And then there's some jury mandarin that goes around here
So particular writings that need some work
You see a lot of efforts happening there
When Trudeau took power
He only needed 16 writings to take power
So there's a large focus there
But I would say more or less
It's being purchased by using our money to give programs
And to give money to particular groups
And I'm pretty sure UBI is going to be a big thing for a lot of people
So if there's some sort of announcement or some sort of promise that UBI is going to come
That may influence some votes
But I don't think we're going to have much of a problem in the next election
The Liberal Party has almost no support now
NDP has almost no support now
So it's going to likely be a very strong conservative win
But here JJ our problem isn't so much the elections
It's the Uniparty
It doesn't really matter who you vote in
They're both basically the same
They're just taking turns
So really really if you look at it that way
We don't have elections
We have selections because it's really only the two uniparties
Now I'm running as an independent candidate
Because I want to break that mold
So I'm not in a party
Kind of like RFK juniors doing
So I'm an independent candidate for the MP
Of yellowhead
And I think that's really where we need to start focusing
Is getting a few of us in there
Because if we don't we're just going to have two wings of the same bird
The Uniparty the entire time
So it doesn't matter really who's elected
Wow I didn't even press
Dude I didn't know you were doing that
That's pretty exciting
Yeah I know that's really why I have my show
And it's why I'm working so hard on meeting so many Canadians
Learning so much
Because this is what I call my member parliament bootcamp
I'm working really hard
To do that twice a day every day
To learn as much as I can
And then demonstrate this to Canadians
Because I believe that's what an MP should be doing
And they should be doing their best to learn all the issues
And talk to all the Canadians
So that when they do go to the house
They can be a representative instead of somebody
To bring it forward their own beliefs
I actually want to represent my neighbours
And this is what I'm demonstrating with this show
Wow nice
I like that
I didn't mean to send it over there
But I just really
I wrote down a note here about free and fair elections
And then that's why I asked the question
That's really great Wow
Yeah I know there's a problem with the last one
That because like CSIS
Which is like our equivalent of like the CIA
The Canadians
Well FBI and CIA together
Yeah it's all intelligent
They've been
Some of them have been raising the alarm
Of like Chinese interference on our elections
And like one of the things that just came out recently
Was
There was 250,000 ballots that weren't even counted
In the last election
And they don't have an explanation
As to why they weren't counted
Like it's
My buddy Jeff Eavley
Does a show he just finished his
When he was talking about it yesterday
And just it's the end of the moment
Any of this like comes up for like
Indivestigation
The NDP just shut everything down
It's like no we're not doing this
We're not going to look
It's like well
Nothing to see here
When are your elections
Like are you also organizing
This
I don't know, aware, coven movement
What is the organization in Canada
Now I thought NCI was kind of a
Hub of organization
Did Cairo
That NCI, for example
Or
Well, if you don't mind, I want to wrap up
This election kind of thing
There's another thing that we have unique here in Canada
Is we can have minority governments
So government actually wins the power
But they have a minority vote
So what they normally do is they'll team up with another party
So what we've had is the liberal party
Got a minority government
But they've teamed up with the NDP government
Or the NDP party
And together they're able to make a majority
Of what happens
There's a lot of deals going on
They're using
Our money
To satisfy this other party
To basically buy their votes
Buy their allegiance
And then create a
Consortium that actually takes power
Something you don't see in the United States
Because it's usually a majority of that
When you don't get minority governments
But in Canada we do
We do have minority governments
We only have
Correct
Yeah, we really have four
Parties, major parties
So they'll be liberal, conservative, NDP, block
And then there's a smaller one
The green party
And then independence, we don't get in there
But yeah, we have four
Large parties, block is Quebec
Basically, Quebec is all block
And then the rest of us
Yeah, so that's how we're run
Which is unfortunate
Did not win the popular vote
And did not win a majority
But won the most out of the parties
That's a minority government
People don't directly vote for
Justin Trudeau to be prime minister
They vote for their party
Because he's the leader, he gets to sit in the chair
You asked another
What was the other question you asked, Jay?
No, I was asking if you guys
How are you
Organizing right now?
What's the next election?
Is there a
Something that's taking the place of NCI
Is NCI evolved?
Is it still a place where we should be
That's a lot of questions
I'll start with the NCI
I think I can answer that one
And I think Kyra's
Connection pros are crashed
But so the NCI
Is just a
Citizen run kind of like
It's an inquiry
My friend Alex Cabana
I like the way he always put it
He described it as
Us building the library of Alexandria
So we can collect
All this data
We can put it together
And so you have
We completed the first volume
Which was the one that you and I
Were a part of
And that volume gets up on the shelf
And it's in the library
So we can always pull from it
Right now as they're working on
Around two
That's supposed to start
In the summer
To carry on
Because there's been a lot of stuff
That's come out
Since in the last year
In particular with
Some things with some corruption
And stuff with the government
Connected to vaccine approval
And all these
Crazy things
Like it's
The stuff that's coming out is wild
There's a list that's too long for me
To talk about on here
We can be at it all day
But the next plan
Is to dive back into that
And bring more
Forward so you can have volume two
And so these things are
Going to be
Documents that carry forward
So it's in the
So the public can pull from it
And what we've talked here a number of weeks ago
In Nova Scotia
Is because
A bunch of doctors
And nurses and representatives
Have got together and have filed lawsuit
Against the Nova Scotia government
And the Nova Scotia
Just give help
And there's been
Discussion of suing the individuals
Who are
Heads of these things
And there's a lot of
Things going on
We can talk about that another time
But the NCI
Has all this stuff for us
For people to pull from
And it's this nice collection of things
So
I know Sean Buckley
He was one of the lawyers as part of the NCI
And
Some of the others
Who are higher up in it
They've discussed expanding the NCI
Later to
Move into other things
That we can hold public inquiries
Into so that the public can become
More aware
And
Like election interference is
I think one that was discussed
But like they're
They're going to focus on
COVID and what's happening right now
Because that's kind of the pressing
I guess
But they do plan to expand into
Other things so that we build like this
Encyclopedio library type thing
That people can pull from
And it's
It's a
Like an internal document
It's not going to disappear into the
Into the ether
And it's better than
It's a more professional type of thing
That you can show people
To say like this is what's happened
As opposed to
Like a whole bunch of random
Like youtube links and clicks off
And stuff like
Here's a public inquiry
Describing things that have happened
And like it's
It's gained traction around the world
Like they've talked about it in
Australia and the UK and stuff
And in the United States as well
So
Yeah
Sorry, yeah
I was just going to say
But there's a couple of challenges with the NCI
Completely citizen led
And the
Governmental support on it at all
Has no subpoena power
So none of the government witnesses
That were invited showed up
Which ended up giving us basically a
Plaintiff only encounter
We had no other side to it to even question
So it's going to be
Heavily biased to one side that showed up
The report that was generated
There's no binding on the government
To take any action
In fact they've completely ignored it
But I've watched it in the Helen
Groose matter where
This is a detective in Ottawa
Who's currently fighting for her job
As a police officer because she was investigating
Possible lengths between breastfeeding babies
And their sudden death
From a vaccinated mother
So just looking into that caused her
To be fighting for her career
But the NCI came up, a couple of the experts
From the NCI came up
And you can see that the government
Not only dismisses it
They consider it to be
A non-valid report
So this is how they're
Billifying the actual report
That was created by the Canadians
In hearings and in court
So it's even worse than just ignoring it
They're actually vilifying it
So anybody who is associated with it
They consider it to be part of that group
So the power from the NCI
I think is a fantastic start
But it's got no teeth
Because the government is actively
Resisting that
Because of course the information was good
But it didn't help them
In America though, we haven't had
There's been no momentum
In the sense of
The same 10 people
Are the ones that are complaining
No new doctors are saying
Wow, I made a mistake
No movement on that part
Are there whistleblowers in Canada
Or people who are like
I shouldn't have done this yet
Maybe a couple
Sorry, sorry
Cara, same story with you
The same first ones
I got lost or licensed
So Shoemaker and
Trozy
And we also got
Hodgkinson and Mackus
Like the same group really
There are some
So I'm not going to say there's none
But not the second wave that I was expecting
Like when people really started to understand the injury
Yeah, I know
And I think the challenge there
Is because there's still some ongoing
Hearings and stuff around
What's happened to those first people
Luckily they're so fighting it
So I guess there's some sort of reservation
And they're not sure what's going to happen
If they stand up too
I'm pretty sure if Detective Helen Groose
Is found not guilty or not liable
Which won't happen
It's very much stacked against her
Than you would
They're still worried about their career
Their families, their paychecks
And their peers
So we don't seem to have a second wave
Oops, sorry, my bad
Let's try and correct this
They will
Like if you speak out about it in your
Health care, like they will destroy you
So one of the emergency room doctors
Here where I'm from
Like in my hometown
That's a great position
I can bring this
I'll talk about it before
But it's
She refused
And asked for medical exemption
Because she was concerned about menstrual issues
That were being reported and so she said
I don't want to take this
So they put her on, initially
Put her on leave
And she could do some like
Over the phone
Consult type stuff, I think
It was for a little while
But eventually they
When the hammer dropped
And the vaccine mandate was
Like firm, like you gotta
Do it or else
They fired her
And have since
sued her for
$324,000 for breach of contract
Because she was contracted
To work for
So many years
Because she was only out of
Med School for a few years
And so she signed on to work
Here in my hometown
And yeah, the
Nova Scotia Health is suing her for
$324,000 because she wouldn't
Take the COVID vaccine because
She was worried about menstrual issues
And I can tell you
I know people personally
Who have experienced these
Menstrual issues
And
It blows my mind
And so when people say it's like
Why isn't everybody
Speaking out, it's like
It's because they'll
They'll ruin you
And like
And she's like
Withdrawing her license and stuff
And I know
And some of these guys are older
But like even just in my hometown
Like we watched
Like there's a lot of doctors who were just saying
Like hey, I don't
I'm not going to recommend anything
Because doctors have quietly retired
Back in January
Like I think there was like six or seven of them
Just in my town
It's bonkers
We even, we have
Dr. Byron Bridal
Who is the
I think he's the lead immunologist
Professor at the University of Guelph
Who is still locked out of his campus
To this day
Yep
It's
Actually, it's really
Incredible. I don't, I don't, I have
Kind of had a loss for words if I hear it
I didn't think it was quite as bad
But I guess I kind of knew but
Well
Let me have one more challenge to this
Because, sorry, my phone
It's a call came in and actually
Screwed on my audio. Let me add one more challenge to this
It's called judicial notice
So in our courts right now
It still stands right now
Where they take judicial notice
And the judge doesn't even question it
And they don't allow debate on it
So two things that they provide a judicial notice
On one, safe and effective
You can't even argue that in the court
As far as the judge is concerned
That is a fact, it's not even debatable
And the mandates were required
So that's the second judicial notice
So you can't even bring it to any court
And say, hey, look, we don't think the mandates were fine
They won't even allow that argument
So those two judicial notices
Have made it really impossible
To take this issue through the courts
Anywhere in Canada
Because as soon as you try, you're done
The judge won't even allow those debates to happen
You can't bring forward experts to have the conversation
So yeah, we're really stuck
Here in Canada when it comes to advancing that issue
And I also think that plays a large role
And why don't we stand up
Because why should they?
If they stand up, even the court will say
Get out of here. We know it's safe and effective
And those mandates were required
So we've got some work here in Canada for sure
Yeah, and the colleges and the unions
Like the colleges are
They just follow along with that, too
Yeah, and the unions haven't helped anybody
Like I filed a grievance
Or tried to file a grievance
And my union over a year ago
And I still haven't got around to it
And I'll have that article there
If you want, I'll just
Pull it up and just show you real quick
If you want
I am just
But yeah, it's crazy
Like Dr. Patrick Phillips
Who was just reporting vaccine injuries
He's like, yeah, this guy's got myocarditis
And he would fill out the paperwork
And they stood to him of his license for it
So here you are, Jay
So Department of Health sitting in an inch
Doctor in connection with refusal to get
COVID-19 vaccination
And it just gives a little bit of our history here
But at the bottom it says Nova Scotia is seeking
$324,000
The balance of the return of service fee
And a lump sum as well as the other costs
And we are in an absolute health care crisis
In this province right now
Where people aren't
Getting seen in emergency rooms
Like they're waiting hours
Their ambulances aren't showing up
Like it's
And this is what they're still doing to people
Like they fired
Or put like
Over a thousand people on leave here
And we're a small province
Under a million people
But like it's
It's crazy
And it's
And another example is Sarah Chijunen
She's a nurse
She's been fighting hard
And she's now lost her house
She's trying to pay off a $300,000
Cost order against her
Plus $250,000 of her own legal
And she's not even done all the different legal
Battles that she's in
You absolutely have a lot of examples
Being made of
And people are paying attention
And nobody wants to touch it with a 10-foot pull
They're basically quietly telling their patients
Look, I understand that you're injured
But certainly not public
Holy cow
Yeah
And I just had Sarah on two days ago
So you can check out that episode
But she's like 500,000 in the hole
She lost her house already
And she's still fighting
Yeah
It's crazy, man
I know nurses that still don't have their jobs back
And there's another example
Elon Musk stepped up recently
To help another doctor
King Canada that's fighting
Because they've posted some information on
Twitter at the time
And from that, they're behind
Another $300,000 or so
That seems to be the magic number
$300,000 is what
Elon's going to be helping that doctor with
But without even Elon's help there
I don't want to answer anything
Yeah
That's all we're getting to
We're getting help out of America
Just to get through court matters
So we can get to the decisions
Because it's all costly and it's
We don't have a very accessible legal system here
And of course, like Chet said, the unions
The colleges that regulate the licenses
They're all against everybody right now
Right
And when you go to the hospital, like I spent
I was in hospital six times
Over COVID
Because the gut brain connection
For me is always an issue
And I caught COVID
And it really affected me
I had symptoms for about two
I lost taste and smell for two years
It caused four strictures
In my intestines
So I was constantly going in with
Lockages and basically they wouldn't do
Anything about it until I ruptured
Is what I was told
Yeah, so and just the state of healthcare
Like there's so many mistakes
There's so many people doing
You know, there's one person doing the job of three people
Because that's just the state of it right now
It was horrible before
But now I mean my last wait time in hospital
With a full blown blockage that
You know, potentially ruptured
So I'm like right after stroke patients in urgency
I waited 12 hours
Before I received
My gosh
And then another one I'm going to add to your list
Or Jay is the Supreme Court of Canada
So they mandated vaccines are all vaccinated
All of our Supreme Court justices are vaccinated
And at one time you couldn't have a jury
That wasn't vaccinated
So when you were actually going to court
The jury itself would be fully vaccinated
It's not the case now
But for a period of time
That's how our justice system works
You would have vaccinated juries
And math
You couldn't even get away with them
Yeah, so you know
The type of people showing up to the jury could only be
Government compliant jury members
So obviously you're not going to be standing
Or looking at 12 people saying the
Backs is bad
They're all vaccinated
So
And you're not going to get into Canada
Anytime sooner are you there, Jay Jay
Wow, man, how come this is not
This was not clear to me before this little
Dude, you're only scratching the surface for you
It's wild
Just reporting Detective Helen Groose matter
And mentioning the charge against her
Had me removed from YouTube
They deleted my channel completely
I had a channel that had a good following
And just reporting
Not making the statement
Not taking that opinion
Just reporting on what the matter is about
They deleted my channel
I was done
So getting information out of Canada is difficult
With all our censorship laws
That are coming down the pipe, too
It's going to get worse
Thanks, Chet, you reminded me
Bill C11, C18, C63
That's on the table right now
All of these are designed to stop
All of these conversations from happening
And Jay, we're looking at having
A pre-crimes in Canada
So you can actually be found to be
Danger to your community
Before you've actually done anything
As long as somebody is fearful
That you might do something one day
Hate-related
That's enough to put a peace bond on you
If this particular law-
It's actually worse than that
Because it actually states
If they believe that you may cause
A disruption to a service
Or an essential service
Through what you're saying
Or potentially saying online
So protest
Or maybe going on
Like voting to go on strike
Can be labeled as these things
And then you can, you know,
You put under house arrest
Have an ankle monitor attached to you
So they can track you where you're going
They can control who you're allowed to speak to
For simply, they believe you might
Cause a disruption
To a service
Like a disruption to a service
Would be as simple as
Protesting
That's kind of the point
Is to be a bit disruptive
Or, you know, workers going on strike
That's intended to be disruptive
To use as a bargaining chip
So those things will be
Technically become illegal
Like in this country
Let's give them the big one
Which is life in prison
For inciting genocide
And let me describe to you
How you can be charged with that
Telling people
To not follow medical advice
By the government would be considered
Genocide or inciting genocide
Cause you're potentially killing people
So that would be life in prison here in Canada
I don't know what to say
It's crazy
You can see why some of us are running as
Independence because the parties
Are going this down
All parties have gone behind it
An example would be
Bill C4
Which is
Makes it illegal to counsel
For transitioning back to your birth
Gender
So any conversation with your kid
Whether they think they might be gay
Or may be trans
If you have any conversation with them
But maybe they're not
That is illegal here in Canada now
So this is why we don't have counselors
Or physicians who assist people
In any way to go back to their birth
Gender
So if you transition and you decide to go back
That's not a service available here in Canada
In fact anybody that counsels you on that
Is breaking a law
A lot of those kids
Just like
It's usually
Like gender dysphoria tends to be
Downstream
From sexual abuse
Form trauma
And it's a form of
Dissociative behavior
So
If I'm not that person
That didn't happen to me
And if I'm no longer that sex gender
Or whatever you want to use
It can't happen to me again
And that tends to be
One of
Like a legit case of
Gender dysphoria
That can be the cause of it
You see now maybe
Maybe there will be social contagion
But like
You're not helping those kids
Who've experienced that
By not dealing with the root cause
Like you should find out
Like why the kid feels that way
And see if you can help them
And like it's
I feel
I feel bad for these kids man
Like what a
That's a way to live
That way
It's
Yeah, it's
That's a whole
That's a whole kettle fish
It's a striking contradiction
If you want to take
Seriously the
Gender and medical concerns
Of a young teenager
But not the medical concerns
Of an adult who claims
They were injured by a untested
Product
Now I'll bring you to another challenge that we have
Organizing and doing something about it
You know protesting
Right now we're still in court with
Tomorrow Leach and James
Chris Barber
And they're being charged with being the organizers
Or basically
Organizing and leading the convoy in Ottawa
And for that they're looking at 15 years
They're still in trial
Close well over a million dollars now
We've been spent there
We have four men who were charged in Alberta
For being part of a protest in Koots
And they spent well over 700 days
Before two of them got out
The other two are still there
I was in their pre-trial today
So I got to see the two men shackled
And brought in
And these were just really protesters
Wrong place, wrong time
And then also today
There's another court matter
So there's two court matters
And I'm following here in Lethbridge
And this is for the Koots trio
And they've been here for 20 years now
Since the protest
And they're just getting their trial going now
Again millions of dollars
They're looking at 10 years for mischief
And yeah they're pushing really hard here in Alberta
To silence anybody who wants to become a leader
And an organizer
And it doesn't just stop there
We have a group here called Take Back Alberta
And their entire effort is to
Get people to rise up
Get part of the parties
Become members of the parties
And their years become candidates themselves
And they're very successful at that
They're under attack by elections Alberta now
They're trying to disband that entire group
Because they're effective
But you can see how the government in very
Strategic ways are targeting
Anybody who stood up, especially a leader
And really make an example of them
So nobody becomes a leader
And that's actually working
We've seen a couple movements where people
Want it together
But they didn't really take off
And they're stepping up as a leader
Nobody's identifying as an organizer
They're not taking that risk
So you can see how systematically the government
Courts, our colleges
Our unions
And then they're jailing some people
Who were leaders
Who became influencers
And it's really, really
Taking any wind out of any sale
Now the good news is
I'm hoping that 2024 is when a lot of this stuff will wrap up
And we'll get some decisions
On the court justice
Who was a liberal appointed justice
Named Justice Mosley
Who came out and found
That the emergency act in vocation was illegal
And the protest was legal
So we've got a decision
But it's being appealed of course by the government
And I'm sure they're going to take it all the way to Supreme Court
And unfortunately JJ
If it does go to Supreme Court
The Chief Justice of our Supreme Court
To the head honcho there
Has already come out publicly and said
He's facing a potential loss
In the Supreme Court if we get all the way there
On the decision that we won
So all over the board
It's very difficult for people to take that risk now
It seems like he would have to recuse himself
From the case having already spoken about it
You would think so
But again, they're all vaccinated
And yes, that would have to be something he would decide to do
But the statements he made
Were very clear. He's got an opinion
And he's very adamant about that opinion
So I don't know how that will work out if we get there
Yeah, I love the
It was an occupation
Like dude, we live here
Like this is where we're from
There was also just protests
This April 1st because
Our government all gave themselves another raise
And hiked up our carbon taps
So everybody got out
And kind of protested
And in Alberta and Saskatchewan
I'm in Saskatchewan
Kind of the Prairie Province is more above Montana
The federal government
Because we push back the hardest
Our pre-mares like
We push our pre-mares to
I think Saskatchewan was the first to lift mandates
So at these protests
They sent the federal government
Police, the RCMP brown shirts
That were all heavily armed
Standing alongside
Well across from the protesters along the highway
Like brown shirts
That was the life that
It was a couple of days ago, right?
Yeah, I was in Calgary
But they're happening all over the
These two provinces specifically
Because we do fight back a lot
And let's not forget that, Kyra
Your premier, which is a leader of your province
Was threatened by the federal government
Because he actually said
We're going to stop collecting carbon tax on
Fuel for heating homes
Because our prime minister gave a break to the
East Coast for the same thing
We moved the carbon tax to reduce the cost
Because it's very expensive
So Saskatchewan said
Look, you're doing that for the East Coast
For a reason, it's very expensive
It's also very expensive here
So we're just going to eliminate it
And then there are threats from the federal government
And articles in our newspaper
There's all state run newspapers
Articles everywhere saying
Hey, what happens when our premier
Violates a law?
Can they be arrested?
So you're getting that kind of stuff as well
The leaders of the provinces
Are kind of being threatened
And our leader here in Alberta, Danielle Smith
She's fighting hard
But she's admitted already
That she's had her wings clipped
And she's got some limited powers
There's more power above her
Than she thought when she came in
So we're having troubles with even our leaders
On a provincial level
Being able to be strong and stand forward
They seem to be getting threatened
Yeah, our premier Scott Mo is also threatened
For giving parents rights
Around the whole transgender issue
So he came out and said, yeah, you teachers
Can't keep this from the parents anymore
If you've changed the child's gender
In the school, you need to tell the parents
And he's got extreme backlash
For that
From the federal level
Yeah, he has to use
Was it in Canada similar to the United States?
I got to say, it's my
Absolute firm belief
That
It was upon the declaration of the pandemic
Or soon after and with George Floyd
That all this stuff took off in a way
That it was never
That no one was pushing this before the pandemic
No, in Canada, we were
So, oh, yeah, for sure
A little bit
Not like this, though
I guess that's Jordan Peterson
A little bit, but yeah
Correct, that's why I was going to go with that
Yeah, yeah, because we were having
Compelled speech laws being put in place
Yeah, because we're Jordan Peterson
Really started to stand up
But again, he's losing his license
He's lost his appeals
They went after him, too
Silencing him
He had to really move to the states
Viva Fry, a guy we were talking about earlier
He left to Florida
Because of what was happening in his home province of Quebec
It wasn't really bad there
When child, when the child choice
Started to trump the parental choice in Quebec
The state stepped in and gave the voice to the children
So they can get the backs
Do a transition, do all that kind of stuff
That's when you left
So we're losing really strong Canadians
For good reason
They're moving out to the states
To get away from some of this
Including rumble
Rumble used to be a Toronto company
But he's going to be extradited
He's going to be extradited
He's going to give it to me
I don't know
I don't know, but you can see
As Canadians, we're seeing
And again, state-run media
So they're really putting this message
In front of a lot of Canadians
So he keeps everybody at bay
There's a lot of threatening dudes
It's kind of like Stockholm syndrome
Like we should rename it to Canadian syndrome
Because it's really what's happening to the citizenry here
They're all hostages
But they don't want to fight back
And they're just kind of just towing the line now
Yeah, it's weird too
Because they punished different provinces in different ways as well
Like for us, I couldn't even get my titers tested
I couldn't get tested for natural immunity in Saskatchewan
I had to go to Alberta for it
They wouldn't even allow
Like the same blood work companies
A girl's Canada life lab
Weren't allowed to test for natural immunity in Saskatchewan
Like how ridiculous, how unscientific is that?
What are your jobs trying to emulate?
Are they not trying to emulate natural immunity?
But now you're going to ignore that natural immunity is a thing
That's so unscientific
That shit crazy is what it is
It is, it is
Well, because we don't have the same type of republic that you have in the states
We are a democratic country that is federally run
Not a state run like you are
You guys, basically your states are where most of the power is
With some federal or the other way around
All the power is on the federal with very little on the state
In fact, the federal overreach is a lot
Like we have in our charter, in our constitution
We have section 81 and 82
I think it is
And anyways, that separates the powers
But the government, the federal government overreach is all the time
And the provinces other than Quebec really don't fight back and stand up
At all
We got some issues
Well, what we need, sorry Chad, I can't hear
What we need is a lot more independent representation though
Because again, the unipart I think is where the biggest trouble is
We had a unanimous vote on that C4, which is a mutilation of children bill
And it doesn't help them at all
And we didn't have a lot push back on the mandate when they were happening
We didn't have support on the convoy when it was happening
There's a couple of people here and there, but certainly
We don't have an opposition like you do in the states
Yeah, I don't know how much of an opposition we have in the states
Either to be honest, because the same people
Well, imagine it worse than that though
Yeah, I see what you mean, I do
Yeah
But I think the
We still need to
I don't know how to do it, but I still
I was not aware of this, it really means that
Until they control your internet
Americans really need to be aware of this
So they can speak out too, because
For some reason, I don't have the feeling that many Americans are aware of this
If I wasn't, I don't know how the average American could possibly be aware of it
It's
Yeah, Australia and Canada seems to be the
Petri dishes for the globalist agenda
They're testing things out here, seeing how far they can take it
In Canada, well according to the numbers and it could be all fake and it could be lie
But we had over 80% compliance when it came to the Vax and other things
And even the convoy, it was 80% against the convoy
So yeah, we certainly have a large, large majority here
That's just docile and getting on day by day and doing whatever the government says
It's just incredible, I mean, it sounds really like you guys need rescuing
That's been talked about a lot
I will be very careful about talking that on this particular stream
Oh, okay
Yeah, yeah, because
Yeah, I've already been threatened with jail for a publication band breach
Just by mentioning the number of applications that a court matter had
They were literally going to put me in jail over night to teach me less and that's what the Crown wanted
So yeah, we're pretty strict up here, it's pretty difficult
There's a lot of, maybe not a lot
But there's a few groups that are popping up that are
I don't know if I, what word I want to use for them
It's the resistance, it's a natural resistance to a dictatorship
So there's a lot of us that don't believe there's a political solution
So we're kind of gathering, finding your friends, tribe and train and taking that route
Yeah, and what ended up happening is a good group of people came together
They're getting more healthier, they're taking care of themselves
So the government labeled them a terrorist group
And they actually used them as part of the invocation of the EA
They talk about them in our House of Commons
That's if they really are a terrorist group and they're not
But that's what happens in scams is what they are
Good people, you got two of them on the stream right now
Yeah, what's really great about this organization is they do teach people how to take care of their health
And take care of their property, be more self-sufficient
And because of that, the government has labeled them a extremist
And of course our media is all over that
We're trying to be parallel
So like I said, go over
So go ahead Kyra, I'll wait
So I took a youth care worker course and an addictions counseling course over COVID
And I can't practice because I kind of abide by their rules
So I offer my, like we're doing it as a parallel system
We barter, we trade, we even, we have eggs, we have farmers
So yeah, these things are cropping up as a result
You're seeing it across the country
Like there's like a lot of stuff happening in like farmers markets and stuff
Like where it's
Like there's a lot of that's like exchange going on
I know there's a
I can't think of what it's called right now
But there's a spot in Halifax, which is the capital in Nova Scotia here
There's like a mom and pop kind of like
grocery store there that like deals with like locally sourced meat and stuff
And like whenever they're open, like the line up goes down the street for people to get in there
To buy their food there because they know it's all locally sourced and stuff
It's, it's
People are like collectively kind of pulling away from
A lot of like
The government type stuff from like big chains and stuff and like doing things locally
Like the number of people I know who are like like just
Just hankering to get into the dirt and start gardening
This spring is crazy
And they never, and they never used to be
But it's like you can't afford anything anymore man
It's wilds
Like it's
It's every, every step of the way here
And I hope, I hope what's happening here is a like a wake up call for our friends down down your way
Is like the government is just getting involved in everything
And they just will not get out of the way and they're making life
Impossible for people
Like it's just getting so expensive and
Like just recently we had Canadian Forces members
Like you're training in Ottawa and they couldn't even get like, they couldn't even provide food for them
So like the Canadian Forces guys who were on training had to go to the food bank to get food
Like it's crazy dude
But yeah, it's
I think they'd have problems, I think they'd have problems mandating anything
Like you were asking about university students
I have a lot of university student clients
You'd be hard pressed to try this trick again on them
Yeah
Yeah, I'll highlight one more problem, fundraising
So normally, normally in a normal world fundraising would be a problem
You put up the issue and people help
But because of the convoy, first it was go find me
Where they froze the account and didn't let that money go
And then give send go, we raised another 10 million there, we've been colloquial
The look ceases, I'm not one of the ones that started that, so stay away
But we as a country raised another 10 million
All the media kept saying foreign funding, I was coming in from Russia, which it wasn't
But they froze that as well and then the government may be possibly
I'm going to put out there hypothetically
Hacked the database of give send go and released that information
Since then, all those people have been targeted by the media and government
Including a police officer who recently lost her appeal
They're going to lose their job for a $50 donation they made
They didn't do anything else, they didn't even come out publicly and make a statement
They just were caught making a donation
So yeah, everybody is very scared of fundraising now and participating in fundraising
And that's absolutely is tipping the scale in the wrong direction
Because people have to sell their houses like Sarah
In order to try and keep the battle going and now she's out of resources
So she's getting herself stuck
So they really, I'm telling you, they went after each pillar that allowed us to have direct
Democracy and take care of things and they destroyed them
We're working hard at trying to restore that, but it's difficult
There was another individual that I can think of
So prior to the NCI, there was the national citizens hearing
Which was three days of people telling stories
And one of the guys that spoke at that, it was a summer before the NCI
And he was a gentleman who was severely vaccine injured
I don't remember the extent of his injuries and stuff
But I can share the link with you later, Jay, if you want to watch it
It's only like me in 10 minutes, but he needed to take the vaccine for work
Got really injured, a bunch of neurological issues and immense amount of pain
And so he donated 10 bucks to the trucker convoy
Because no one was listening and he couldn't get help
And he felt that this was the only way that he could get a little bit of leverage to make things move
And when that data leak came out, he got docked and threatened
They took his bank account from him and everything
And this is a guy who's like, can't work anymore
Because he's pretty messed up
And it's gut wrenching, he listens, like these are the people that they're torturing
The lady who got trampled by the horse, they took her bank account too
They trample us with horses and then they take our bank account
Well, let me tell you, except more news there for you, Jay
Sorry, that seems like Canada's dumping on an American here
But we've got to kind of highlight some of this.
I don't like to say, I mean, it's shocking to me
Caleb Pollock is quite the story
So Caleb Pollock is one of these people that believed her government
She went ahead and got the first two
Nothing seems to be wrong
But then she went and got the third one, Pfizer
It's important to say why she got it
Because her dad was dying in long-term care and she couldn't see him unless she got the vaccine
And so that was her main
Obviously she wanted to help and didn't want to make anybody sick
Right, she believes that the government was sick
Yeah, but like she did it so she could see her dad before he died
Yeah, so what ended up happening?
Same for that
No fair enough
And what ended up happening to her, she became a quadriplegic
But the rest of the story is heartbreaking is when she went to her doctor
Her doctor said, you can't move your arms and legs because it's all on your head
So she got herself excited, she was like, okay, well, let's fix my head
So I could start walking and moving again
Of course that wasn't the case
And because of the delay of that, it actually became permanent
Because of a window where she could have treated the issue
And she was transverse while I did this
There you go
So in Canada, after that, after she realized there's no hope to walk and move her arms again
They offered her maids, so that's medical assistance and dying
And they made that option available to her, of course she's not taking it
But you can see what we do here in Canada, even with trans people
If they're struggling with their choice now after the surgery
There's no way to move back, so the only way to go is towards maids
And we do have reports of people who regret their trans decision
And the only option here in Canada is end of life
Are you going to say something in her chat?
Oh, it's just they offered her maid three times
And you were, as a medical professional, you were never supposed to bring it up
You were not supposed to offer it
If they ask questions, you can provide them information
You are not supposed to sell it ever because it's unethical to do so
If somebody is in late stage terminal cancer and has maybe a couple weeks to live
That's what maids should be for
To grant a moment of mercy at the end of someone's life
So they can pass away with dignity and their final moment
And the final moment that they spend with their family aren't agony unconscious
And you know, drugged out of the wazoo on fentanyl and stuff
That's what it's supposed to be for the mentally ill or the poor or anything
Because once you step into that realm, you're not granting mercy
You are performing eugenics
Right
And they're trying to, they haven't been successful
But they're still trying to extend that to mature minors
So minors can make their own decision on that particular one
And dimension and mental illness, they're trying to extend it to that as well
So no longer are the patient's pain, it's the caregiver's pain
So if you have dementia, if Canada is successful at passing that
Someone can sign a document and provide your end of life
Like Babylon B did a little joke video on it, but it's not funny to Canadians
Because it's very, very serious, it actually kind of happened
Their joke was it got a sore knee, so let's end you
But no, they're really expanding the different things that can qualify you for medical assistance and dying
And we've 30% year over year increase in that
So a lot of people are taking the government up on that offer
I can't think of his name right now, there's a Canadian Forces member who has PTSD
And he just called Veterans Affairs asking for some help recently
And they offered him youth in Asia instead of any mental health care
Or anything of that nature
And good on him, he's suing the government and Veterans Affairs for it
Because you don't do that
You're dealing with people in a vulnerable state
Like if somebody is, you know, say like suicidal or severely mentally ill
Like you, let's go, have you tried killing yourself?
It's like, well no, that's not how you approach that conversation, that's insane
There was even a war veteran who, Christine, I believe her first name is
I can't remember her last name, she was asking for a ramp or a wheelchair
And they offered her maid as well
Over asking for a wheelchair, she's been waiting seven years for it
They said, oh well, we don't still have it, but what about maid?
Like it's ridiculous
But on that note, I need to get back to work, I'm going to duck out
I just wanted to maybe give you something to think about our question for you, JJ, it's more on the biology side
I feel like a lot of people have injuries from excessive immune response to the spike protein
Particularly in the vaccine
And I've looked into a lot of healing modalities
Like I've used a lot of homeopathy on myself with good results
What are your thoughts on being able to switch someone's antibody class response
From like an IgG4 response to back to a regular response
Using an actual cold virus
Do you think that's at all possible?
Wow, first of all, please understand, now you're just asking me to speculate
So I'm an armchair immunologist at best
I feel like this sounds like a bad idea
And the reason why is because your immune system works in a sort of linked recognition sort of way
And the best way to explain it is that T cells don't need to necessarily recognize the same antigen that a B cell recognize
In order to activate the B cell
Because what happens is the B cell catches some clump of stuff
And it takes it in and processes it
And it recognizes one part of it
I should probably draw a picture so you get that
I don't make a mistake on how to illustrate it
But if the T cell, this is a B cell
One thing you've got to remember about B cells
And this is something that really frustrates me a lot
I don't care about my C and my face
But B cells don't just come on by themselves
I have a B cell receptor and that B cell receptor has to be activated by something
And that something is very specific for the B cell receptor
So a naive B cell that's at rest
Recognizes something that has to actually float in through the lymph into the draining lymph node
And pass by this B cell and drop onto its receptor
This thing gets taken in
And that triangle that I've drawn in this cartoon will get broken up into different parts
And those will be presented to T cells
One might be a flat side, one might be an angle
And one might be something else
You could get a T cell that recognizes just a part of this clump
And that's the link recognition part
So if, then this is where I get, gets ugly
If the B cell activated by the spike protein is already linked by T cell memory
To another cold virus protein
Then you might just be reactivating those same B cells again and doubling down on that memory
So instead of a wave, yeah instead of a wave cancellation
You might get a wave amplification as you're talking in waves
Okay, I'll go back to the drawing board on that one
But I'm going to head back to work and start cutting some hairs because that's what I do
Thank you Cara
Thank you very much, it was very nice to meet you
Yes, nice to meet you as well
Talk to you later guys
Bye, bye
Yeah, she's awesome, we love her
She's smart too
But she's been very injured and she knows her stuff because of all that now
I mean autism moms are another group that know their stuff because they're forced to become experts
Right, yeah
Yeah
You get slapped awake pretty hard when you get injured
I can only imagine, I can only imagine
So yeah
But some of the good news, like let's talk about some of the good news
There are some people waking up and organizing, not maybe not so public, but it's coming together
I do think 2024 we're going to get a lot more answers and the door is going to open
As we saw on Monday, Canadians are still willing to protest
So we had one here and it's still continuing
But we also saw, and I'm going to go back to the bad news
The RCMP here in Alberta is planting false stories into the press
They created a fake accident and never happened and included tractors
And got all the details all wrong, but the press ran with it
So I've actually been spending a few days trying to show my video that actually shows
Because I was at the protest, I was the only media there
Actually, there's a rebel was there as well, but I captured the tractors coming in
That they claim were in an accident and they weren't
So we have major propaganda going on here
Created by the police force, the federal police force
Because they're the only ones that are being sourced by the news here
And the news here just takes it as if it's true
They don't double check anything
And I know it's not true, I was physically there and I streamed the entire thing
But that's the kind of thing that I've really woken up to in the last week
Is how bad this propaganda is
They're literally inventing scary stories and putting it into the paper for the national reader to read
And it never happened, we never had a multi-vehicle accident with tractors in Alberta
Just simply didn't happen, but if you go read our newspapers, it's all over the place
Holy cow!
That is it, it's incredible because I know they do it, I know they do it here, whatever
But they're so overt about it now
Yeah, well there's no press showing up, it's just an independent people like me
And rebel was there, but if it wasn't even for us, this story would have been able to take off and continue
Because there was no counter to it, CBC didn't show up, CTV global, none of them
But I was there recording it, so thankfully for that I was able to convince Western Standard
Which is one of the papers here in the West to correct their story
But CBC, they don't take my emails
I have a fun one to show you because the RCMP have never done anything like this before
Let me share
So this is from 1999, RCMP bombed an oil site in Dirty Tricks campaign
The Mounties bombed an oil installation as part of a Dirty Tricks campaign
They had an investigation into sabotage on the Alberta's oil patch
And they basically blamed it on two farmers, and they came out and said it
They've been doing this for a long time, like, yeah
Yeah, it's crazy
It's, uh
I am, I am
Oh, you need this, it's a very good reality check for me
Yeah, well we can't get the information out, if you watch Canadian News
None of this stuff comes up at all, and then of course when it's not on YouTube
They're heavily censored there, but rumble is where we can do a lot of this
Well, there's still camp monitoring you, I guess, who's watching it
I mean, you can assume that, I don't know
Wow
It's brutal, but, you know, people like Chad, myself and others
We're trying, we're trying to keep the messages out, get it going, and it's building
But, to get to critical mass, to get to something that's actually effective
I don't think we'll see that until some of these other trials are completed
And maybe some of these people that were made an example of when
If that happens, then we're going to be in good shape
But, that's a lot of eggs into a small little basket there
If you go really bad, pretty quick for us
Jeez
There was a time in this country where the CBC and the legacy media companies were really good
They were exceptional, when I was going to university and stuff
You could bank on the CBC to tell you what was happening
You had reporters like Trish Wood, who was very good
It's still very good, she works independently now
But those days are behind us
Why do I hear that name Trish Wood?
She has a podcast called Trish Wood is critical
She used to be, with the CBC, she did the 5th of state
Was the show that she did, which was like an investigative journalist thing
Your broadcasting company had a good reputation down here, like the BBC did too
I think people would have knocked off the BBC more than they would have knocked off the Canadian broadcasting
Sure, but I think it was 2016 or 2017
I can't remember, I can't Google from where I'm at right now
But, we revoked or rescinded our anti-propaganda laws
The first thing this government did is they removed the requirement to not create propaganda
And then they also tied the media to a media fund
Which is hundreds of millions, if not over a billion, being paid to them
So there's a lot of media companies in Canada taking money from the government
And they certainly do not fight the government
That would end their gravy train, so we have that problem too
Wow
Yeah, you guys are in better shape
But I think we're about 10 years down a socialist curve than you are
Yeah, well, for everybody to sleep, that's not very much time then
And I like the way that you're characterizing it
Let's say you're here
Time flies when you fall asleep
Exactly
I would say two years, I mean what, just a question of whether they decide
If they decided to within two years we'd catch right up, I think
And we have an election coming, which means we're going to be as chaotic as possible
For two or three months
Holy cow
Oh, back to another question you asked, when's our elections?
We have elections every four or five years or so
But the next one's going to be October 2025
Or earlier, so in Canada we actually have elections called early
But unfortunately, one of the mechanisms to do that would be a non-confidence vote
But that's already been scuttled with this partnership with the NDP and Liberal
Part of their partnership deal is we will not vote for non-confident vote
And we just saw that happen just a couple weeks ago
When the Conservative Party brought forward a non-confident vote over the carbon tax
And of course they lost
NDP, Liberal and Block all voted against that
And that's one of the mechanisms
But public pressure, if things get public enough
And keep in mind our Prime Minister not even lost his own wife
So he's not very good at keeping things together
It was a bit of a joke, but it's kind of serious
Like, yeah, his wife left him what a year ago now
So Canada has that kind of leader
Yeah, he's a peach
Yeah, a real peach
Anyways, I mean, I don't know where to go from here
I mean, it's really, I do know that this is something
That is not well known in America
It's something that I will tell as a story
I mean, we should just have you guys on
You guys are doing great, but if you want
You can always come on my broadcast
I hardly have anybody on my broadcast
It would be an honour
I'd love to
It would be great to get this out farther
Because it's shocking to me, actually
And in a way
An opportunity for both sides, right?
If I can share Canada as the prediction of our future
Then holy cow, maybe somebody won't get motivated
I think Viva is helping a lot with this too
Because he does have a pretty sizable American audience
I need to hook up with him
Yeah, he's awesome
He's a great guy
But yeah, because he covers
If you ever hear him
Describe his man behind the Iron Curtain
He's talking about me
That's my code name on his podcast
Okay
Which I find very funny
Let me give JJ one more example
Just to show you how silly things have gone here in Canada
We have a gentleman who's still alive, honourable Brian Peckford
He is one of the signers of our charter
Which happened in 1984, ironically
And he was recently
1982, but I think he was in 1984
Yeah
Okay, but recently he was asked to become an expert witness
To talk about the charter and its intent
And the judge here in Alberta dismissed him as an expert
Because judicial notice
Trump's one of the authors and the last living signatory
Of the actual document
That's how ridiculous it's become in Canada
Where the guy who actually negotiated and argued the document itself
Is not considered to be an expert on it
Because of course he has a contradicting view to the government
And when he came out with that
Pushing hard to keep the charter strong
Of course the media dropped him
He used to be able to get media interviews all the time
He used to be able to be well respected
But as soon as he started to come out against the government narrative
They dropped him nationally
It's tough to see him
He comes on my show and he comes on other shows
He's a great guy, he's very smart
And of course he negotiated I think for 17 months
Like he knows what he's talking about
And you can tell he's a new film lander
That's how nice he is
But that's how ridiculous it is
Yeah, but it's to be the same idea
Like Jay is like you guys having one of your founding fathers
Come in to testify in court about
Talking about declaration
Our founding fathers would definitely not be cooperative witnesses in this situation
No, I don't think so
They were cool dudes
They got it right
Wow, wow, wow
We definitely got it right
Yeah, I don't know
I don't know what to say
I'm very cautiously optimistic
Because
It's got to be seen as an opportunity
And we've got to continue to
Help other people
You know, feel like it's okay to wake up
Yeah
There's a
Just sort of Rose had recommended a book to me
ages ago
Doctor, yeah
Yeah, I'd grab it but my camera's sitting on top of it
It's called 180 degrees
It's about
Like a lot of things that kind of like wake people up to
A bunch of things that have been going wrong for a long time
And how to have these difficult conversations
And one of the
One of the key takeaways in it
Was when you need to have this difficult conversation with somebody
There's two things you need to do
The first thing is you need to be kind
And the second is you need to be right
So you come at this all like
Hot under the collar and
Like
Explosive and stuff
People are going to tune you out
So you need to
The trick is you got to get them to ask questions
You don't tell them things
You get them to start questioning things
And then you can answer them
Or kind of go like
Well, you can go look at this
Because they kind of need to find it for themselves
And it's unfortunate
I wish you could just, you know, go like
Hey, like, I'm like, wake up
Like, look what they're doing
They're stealing all your money
Like, but it doesn't work that way unfortunately
I think I spent almost two years thinking that
One more stream was going to wake people up
One more
If I just get one more
If I get the slides right this time
They'll understand
And it's extraordinary
We're here in 2024
It really is
I will say this about
Like, your streams
And all of the stuff
Your Scooby-Doo analogy
Makes me laugh every time
I think it's the funniest thing
I've heard in ages
Good
It's so good
Oh my God, I nearly wet myself
When you explained it, it's so funny
Maybe you could share the Scooby-Doo thing with every
Yeah, it's just an analogy
For how they tricked us into accepting the idea
That there was a scary virus going around
And they got us to argue about where it came from
And who's responsible for it
And by making us feel as though we were actively
Solving the mystery
Watching Brand Paul and Tony Fauci argue
Watching the leaks of eco-health
Alliance and the redacting of emails
And obviously they're covering it up
And so that debate sucked
Everybody in from all angles
Into thinking that they were solving a mystery
And that, in and of itself
You accepted the virus as being real
And very important
And deadly
And so
That trick was really important
Because it caught people on both sides
Of the virus
And so
That trick was really important
Because it caught people on both sides
Of the aisle
Which is a tricky thing to do in America
To get people on both sides
To argue about something and come to the same conclusion
But basically they have
You can watch CNN now
And people will say, well
Lab leak is not ruled out anymore
And some people think it's likely
But you know
It's only on the very very strict
You know like if you go on Twiv
Or you listen to Paul Offit
He'll tell you for sure it was natural
But there's
It's much okay now
To say that we don't know for sure
And it's an interesting
Magic trick that happens there
Because then
All bets are off for anybody
That's just casually trying to understand
Well if it came from a laboratory
Well then for sure I should have been scared
And one thing to remember is that
This act wasn't a few weeks
It started in March of 2020
Or a little before
And it went on for
At least two years before
People started to
Get some balance
And say wait a minute
This seems like they rushed us
In all kinds of ways
And frightened us and confused us
It took me more than a year to really understand
How badly
They were doing it
And then still
It took me another year or two to figure out
How badly I'd been fooled
Because I did it hook line and sinker
I spent the first year trying to convince everybody
It was a lab leak
But we don't have to worry about it
So it's a pretty
Pretty contradictory message
Trying to say that
Natural immunity to previous viruses
Will protect you from this lab leak
And I actually didn't understand
How much of a
A trap that was
Disarming it is
To the citizenry
To give the worst case scenario to the state
If the worst case scenario is that
They have to protect you from all these things
Like climate change
And viruses and whatever
Then you have to go limp
There's nothing you can do
You have to trust the government
And there's almost no responsibility
Left for you
And I think that's the trap that we
Including me all fell into
Is that
It took me more than a year to say that
Maybe the
The transfection does work for some people
I was still kind of
Hedging in 2020 about
Whether or not
Maybe for old people it'll be okay
I don't know but
So all of us
All of us
It's okay to say I'm sorry
I blew it I didn't get it
I get it now
What can we do moving forward
And we have to get more doctors to be able to say that
But in Canada it sounds like that
Ain't gonna happen
A big part of it too
Is
When it came to this
You have a lot of good nature people who just want to help
And so you gave them a problem
And said like we need to find a solution
And we need to help people because like that's
And like that's
That's how they
Got me to, you know, take the damn things
I wanted to go back to work because
I saw the system falling apart
And I wanted to go back to work and help
And that happens to a lot of people
And it's
With the vaccine or following these things
It's like you have good nature people
And all they want to do is help the people in their community
And that just shows you how insidious all of this was
Is you took
People's good nature and you weaponized it against them
Right?
Well remember when
You remember when everybody's 3D printing
Masks or the visor holders
And you had Elon Musk producing a whole bunch of ventilators
Like the whole world was trying to come up with
The tools for PPE and stuff like that
And we were not even paying attention
Whether or not they would be helpful
Whether or not they actually do anything
And it turned out to be not helpful
It was actually harming people
And another one I would take you through for Canada
When the backs came out
Safe and effective
Then we had breakthrough cases
Then we had mutations from the unvaccinated
So we shift the narrative here
And people just keep eating it up each single time
They don't have long-term memory
It could be part of the issue with the VACs
But they keep forgetting that their own government
Keep changing the story itself
But they just eat it up right away
Because then it's still run media here
It does not oppose
You should know that something's up
Like there's something afoot
When they blame the failure of a product
On the people who don't use it
Yeah
While our Prime Minister said very loudly
A lot of people bleed them
There's no way we're letting an unvaccinated person
Sit beside a vaccinated person
On an airplane to make them sick
That sentence right there
Should be enough for you to realize
This guy's an idiot
Because how could that be
If a vaccinated person safe
How could that be
It should be the other way around
You should be worried about the unvaccinated people
Getting sick
But this thing was
A way we're letting unvaccinated people
Sit beside vaccinated people
On airplanes
Yeah
Because in like
Say like my line of work
And like other like people in healthcare
Like the reason why many of them like
You know volunteer to get vaccine is
Because we deal with the most vulnerable
At their most vulnerable state
And so the idea is
You don't want to bring that in
Because you're gonna
You're gonna
I knew I was gonna get COVID
Like from the day one
It's like I'm a paramedic
I go into people's houses when they're sick
I'm gonna go in and I'm gonna get caught
Someone's gonna cough it on my face
Like whatever
But the idea is
A lot of people
Like in healthcare
Like well I don't want to
Take it into the vulnerable population
Because we're dealing with them when they're
At their worst
And so like if it's not doing
Stopping that
Then what the hell's the point of this
Like you've defeated the purpose
Like
No but it was really clear right?
In America that it became obvious
That the idea was compliance
And I know you guys know that
And so
That's the kind of message
That we
That I'm trying to send now too
Is that it's
We got fooled into compliance
We got bluffed into compliance
That's really what it was
These guys all agreed to lie to us
In concert
And we got bluffed
And so nobody should feel bad about it
I really don't even
If you took three shots
You shouldn't feel bad about it
No
Because most people
Took it out of the goodness of their own heart
Because they wanted to help
Because they were told that there was a problem
You took it because you're scared
You shouldn't feel bad about it
I mean come on
Yeah like they did that
To those people
Like the people who like
Like orchestrated this
And you're like
What pushed the propaganda
And the fear campaign
Like it's like they're the people that are full
It's not
Not your neighbor down the road who got it
Because
Like they were manipulated and lied to
And
They terrified
Or they just wanted to help their community
Or save their job
Because
You know you got to feed your kids and stuff
Right?
It's like it's not their fault
It's like it's
Don't get angry at your neighbor
Get angry at the people who abused your neighbor
Right?
Yeah, absolutely
I mean I
I think this is the way
Just like the way it would be to defeat
Transgender ideology
Would be to recruit the gays
And I don't use that word like
I use that kind of as a joke
And I don't know how to refer to people who
Are homosexual
I wouldn't say they're homosexuals
And I feel very strongly
That when I was in high school
The couple people that ended up to be
Homosexuals after high school
Would have been
Definitely
Too vulnerable
And in this scenario
They would have definitely fallen victim
To
Not I'm gay
Or you know
Maybe I'm not the same
As all the other boys in school
But they would have really
Been pressured to change
And that just that
Just that offer
Is so
Diabolical to me to suggest that
Whatever
However you are feeling and whoever you are
From the womb is something that can be
Fixed with some drugs or
Or a surgery
Is just terrifying to me
And so
I don't know we have to find a way to
Maybe you guys got
I guess what is crossing my mind
And what I'm thinking out loud about
Is
I think there's a possibility
In all the anecdotal data that I've heard that
There are more injuries in Canada
Than there are in America
And so maybe they had
A more consistent hot doses in Canada
But
The problem with America
I'm afraid is that a lot of people got
Plasibo doses
Or doses that weren't
Cared for well enough so they were kind of inert
But I don't really buy that one
Because if they were inert they would still
Have the lipid nanoparticle in them
Even if the RNA had been deteriorated
Or not
And the lipid nanoparticles
The means of injury may have been reduced
But the type of injury is still there
Right and so for me it seems like it's almost
It almost has to be that there were
Plasibo doses
I do know quite a few people
Who took two or three
That's fine and whatever
And I think that
That has to be how they played the game
And so we have to be vigilant about
Connecting people, making sure that
People don't think that they're alone
Make sure that people find the community
That they need to find
So that the momentum isn't lost
Because I do think there's something
Coming, I don't think it's coming on the 8th
And the eclipse
But something is coming
That will disrupt this momentum
And so we need to be already
Actively maintaining
And I know you guys are
But we have to work harder to network
I mean I'm happy
That you invited me back on
I need to have you guys on
Maybe we need to do something
Once every two months
So that the circle starts
Getting completed more often
I don't know
Sorry, I'll throw out there one more thing about Canadians
Which might make us more susceptible to this
Is as a nation we're vitamin D deficient
Because of our winters
So that might play a bit of a role
That's why you're seeing things different
From America versus us
You guys actually have a lot more sun
Quite literally
I'm a ginger, I can bust in the sun
But we're going crazy for the eclipse up here too though
Yeah, we're going crazy up here
There's some crazy stuff happening
There's something about it
It's insane
Yeah, there was a brief period of time
In human civilization
Where we weren't afraid of eclipses
But I think that time is over I guess
I remember looking forward to them
They're cool, man
I remember watching one when I was a kid
It was super cool
One hour away from me
I'm going now just praying for some level of
Blue sky at some point
We got three minutes
I do have to wrap up
Two times now Chris Carver tried to call me
So I do want to take that call
He's one of the men in jail
In remand here in Alberta
So just had his trial so I want to talk to him
And I do have to get home
And I still haven't made my way there
I'm second left bridge right now
But gentlemen, let's do this again for sure
Your show, my show will just keep doing this
And then chat, maybe this will be an inspiration
For you to start up a show
So we can continue these kind of conversations going to
That's what I wanted to
And everyone keeps saying
You should go to the show
I belong on a truck
Doing 911 calls
That's where I belong
I love doing this
But yeah
Thank you very much Jason
I really appreciate it
Good to meet you again
Somehow or another
This is the best time we met
Thanks chat
Okay, yeah
No problem
Okay, let's go ahead and drop them
And have you jump on their page
And we'll go ahead and have our goodbye
And let people know who's coming up
And then we'll wrap it up
Oh, no, you're going to make me remember
Oh, yes, so tomorrow morning
Everyone six AM mountain time
We've got Sam Field
And he'll be joined by
Chris Stacy and Marty up north
To tell us about
This Monday
It wasn't last week
It was this Monday
But then also what's
The plans are for the weekend
And plans going forward
And then at five o'clock
Mountain time
We've got Vlad Tepes
And I'm sorry to recall
The other guest name
I don't have it for me Paula
Okay, so hold on a second
I will quickly tell everyone
So what's happening to women?
The war on women from the
Marxist side of things
Why you're being erased
Why men are in your spaces
And why there's lots of push on
Changing genders and stuff like that
So we'll get into all of those details tomorrow
Yeah, sorry
I'm having internet issues
So it's not opening up
And then maybe Saturday we're not sure yet
We may have the Caleb Pollock into
I don't think so
I got a message from her
You know, I think we're not going to be doing
Afternoon shows during the trial anymore
Having to worry about leaving courts
To get here and not being able to get
It's going to cause a little bit too much stress
And I really do need to speak to the lawyers
And the people after court
Sorry, I missed all that today
So while we have the clues trio
I think we're going to be doing
Morning only
So we'll be focusing on that
But it's still a good show each day
That you'll have everybody
Or afternoon crowd
If you're just an afternoon crowd
Just watch the morning episode in the afternoon
And then you can catch up on that
But it's a little bit too much
To try and balance the court
Guests and then do the show
I don't even have my phone on
I'm not allowed to have my phone on me
So it makes it difficult
So we're going to try that next week
To see if it kind of makes things a little bit easier
On this side
So I can get all the notes I can
Talk to all the people I can to bring all the information
To you each morning
So we'll continue with the morning show
Yeah, so, okay, so we still have
Okay, and
As Steve said
Well, we'll do it tomorrow
We're going to do tomorrow
But starting next week
We have some already
Books, so we just will add
That's fine Paula, we can talk about that off fire
But thank you
We're going to try and do that for next week
Perfect, but yes, thank you everyone for joining
And again, if you've got any ideas for guests
Please go ahead and contact bookings
At the Levine Show
Would really appreciate your input
On who you perhaps would like to see on
If you didn't send us any more, that'd be great
And then for those of you who can
We'd really appreciate it, in fact,
To win and
Make a donation at give
At the Levine Show
Dot com as well
Just help cover some expenses
But everyone else is please
Give us a thumbs up
Let us know that you've been enjoying the show
We really appreciate you tuning in
And chatting
And it's been great
So there's been a good chat
Everyone really enjoyed our guest this afternoon
Just could see you guys
Fantastic
See you guys tomorrow morning
Thank you
Well, there you go folks
Make sure you tune in tomorrow morning
Not only are you going to get to see
Sam Fields, Chris Dacey and
Marty up north, but I believe
James Sower is going to try and join
And we might get Ron Clark for a little bit
And if we don't get him live
We're going to be showing some of his coverage
Because the episode tomorrow
Is to cover what the media is doing
To these protests and how they're lying about it
And also the RCMP response
Around the country
It's pretty
Disgusting
They're making up narratives
They're telling lives
And they're showing up with force
So we'll be covering all of that tomorrow
So thank you all very much
For this ad talk in the car episode
Thanks to Kyra
Thanks to Chet
And of course thanks to Dr. JJ
He's an amazing man
And I'm really pleased that
There's an American that actually cares
And wants to learn what's going on up here
And yeah, I'm not surprised that he was
A little bit overwhelmed with
The surprises of what was happening up here in Canada
It is bad
You all know it
Because we've been living it every day
And sharing it
But to someone who's not here
It's a very, very big surprise
So thank you all very much
For being here today
And please if you can
Give at TheLivingShow.com
It goes a long way
It does help us out
We are covering all of these costs ourselves
Right now
Plus some donations
So I do appreciate that
So you all take care
And remember
If you're invited to a jury
You can ask questions at any time
And if you're into deliberations
And the law
And the evidence says
You must convict
You do have the option
To nullify your vote
Or you're a verdict
With a not guilty verdict
If you're conscious
And your morals do not allow you
To do so
That is a thing in Canada
Go ahead and look it up
Take care of each other
Take care of your family
And of course
Shake the hand of a neighbor
Or a stranger
And why?
Because I love you all
And God bless